ah
I say I keep a couple thousand
everywhere I go got my own ease with me
now was dead before I swallow this world
well
that's what this world any sailors that
my squad could they know we come come so
Argo so I swear that's how we go I swear
forever I want just forever my girl like
Cinderella when my dogs like I'm through
well I hang up just getting good my life
just getting better no staying with me
since forever I know he down for
whatever and I know I can settle into
club it change the water got girl all on
my dental couple guys up on my schedule
and I go broke that's never get boys
ain't on my
know how I rock like any metal when I
can't merge Oh teen putting in work pops
ain't got his own church shout our
church shooting them squad come first
he's going hey Taylor show me old dirt
whole time you can get my snatch Oh Chan
like a purse truly old dirt whole time
you can get my natural sand everywhere I
go
got my homies with me now was there
before I swallowed this world forever I
swear I won't this world whatever any
satyrs love my squad cuz they know we go
go so I go so I swear that's all we go
that's why I want this forever starting
from my home Avan and we shirtless
whatever came up off their block I'd hit
that paper like me work put my young boy
Maddie had to get it now
never pull up and on with full i'm
swaggin boy I tell ya I wanna bumper
ever drop the top there a she think I'm
clown like whatever money
that issue if you call you know I got
you see y'all know Road I'm doing shows
but I'll be back and you know CJ come
first it rapping don't work I'm trapping
their cap in and give me a push
I'm gonna know for she said that she
loved me of course I might just come
through inner voice perfection ain't
hard all of these figures a frog got
four rips in the garage pardon my swag
MC him hold on my trees your legends
they treat us like God couple thousand
everywhere I go got my homies with me
now is that before that's why I won't
disclose forever
that's why I work and he singles out my
squad cuz they know we come come so I go
so I swear that's all we go I swear I
want this for us why won't this forever
ah